feat: Mounting resources should not cause workspace restart (#1533)
devfile/devworkspace-operator: docs/additional-configuration.adoc

* `controller.devfile.io/read-only`: for persistent volume claims, mount the resource as read-only

* `controller.devfile.io/mount-on-start`: when set to `"true"`, the resource will only be mounted when a workspace starts. If the resource is created while a workspace is already running, it will not be automatically mounted until the workspace is restarted. This prevents unwanted workspace restarts caused by newly created automount resources. This annotation can be applied to configmaps, secrets, and persistent volume claims.
+

> For git credential secrets (labelled with `controller.devfile.io/git-credential`) and git TLS configmaps (labelled with `controller.devfile.io/git-tls-credential`), the annotation works similarly but applies collectively: since all git credentials are merged into a single mounted secret, if at least one git credential secret (or TLS configmap) lacks the `controller.devfile.io/mount-on-start` annotation, all git credentials (or TLS configmaps) will be mounted, including those marked with `mount-on-start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For git credential secrets (labelled with `controller.devfile.io/git-credential`) and git TLS configmaps (labelled with `controller.devfile.io/git-tls-credential`), the annotation is evaluated across all git credential resources as a group, not individually. Since all git credentials are merged into a single mounted secret, if at least one git credential secret (or TLS configmap) lacks the `controller.devfile.io/mount-on-start` annotation, all git credentials (or TLS configmaps) will be mounted, including those marked with `mount-on-start`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a NOTE block:
```
[NOTE]
====
This annotation must be applied consistently across all git credential resources. If it is missing from any resource, it will not be honored for any of them.
====
```

Author: I will apply the suggestion, but I don’t think it makes sense to add the note.

Reviewer: @tolusha: Okay, np problem. It was just a suggestion
